README.md, before:

# Go Stark Me: Funds Recollection Project in the Starknet Ecosystem

Go Stark Me is a modern platform designed to make fundraising for important causes safe and easy within the Starknet ecosystem. Our app helps projects collect funds securely and efficiently by using Starknet's fast Layer 2 technology and the powerful Cairo smart contracts.

## Why Choose Go Stark Me?

- **Secure Fundraising**: Built on Starknet's L2, our platform ensures that all transactions and data are secure and transparent.
- **Easy to Use**: Intuitive design and straightforward processes make it simple for projects to set up and manage their fundraising campaigns.
- **Efficient and Scalable**: Utilizing Cairo and Starknet's L2 technology, Go Stark Me offers a fast and scalable solution for fundraising needs.

Join us on Go Stark Me and make a difference by supporting meaningful projects in a secure and efficient manner.

## UML Diagram

![UML Class Diagram](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/479c9296-e3ac-4ad3-bf79-5f458c456a45)


## Our Vision for UI

You can check the prototype we have in mind and suggest any improvement, if you feel capable of reproducing some of the pages please contact one of the product owners.

- [Figma prototype](https://www.figma.com/design/SCiGViaoPT9UTrT7CsLbAt/Go-Stark-Me?node-id=0-1&t=FUhnIhNcXRIGkQ16-1)

## Contributors

- [EmmanuelAR](https://github.com/EmmanuelAR)
- [adrianvrj](https://github.com/adrianvrj)

## Want to Contribute?

If you are interested in contributing to Go Stark Me, please follow these steps:

1. Go to the [issues section](https://github.com/web3wagers/gostarkme/issues) of our GitHub repository.
2. Comment on the issue you want to participate in, detailing how you plan to address it and how long you expect it to take.
3. Wait to be assigned to the issue.

Official Discord Channel:
- [Web3Wagers](https://discord.gg/sEpnC6JB2U)

You can also contact us on Telegram:

- [@adrian_vrj](https://t.me/adrian_vrj)
- [@EmmanuelDevCr](https://t.me/EmmanuelDevCr)

Commit message:

feat: added allContributors to recognize contributors to the project

README.md, after:

# Go Stark Me: Funds Recollection Project in the Starknet Ecosystem

Go Stark Me is a modern platform designed to make fundraising for important causes safe and easy within the Starknet ecosystem. Our app helps projects collect funds securely and efficiently by using Starknet's fast Layer 2 technology and the powerful Cairo smart contracts.

## Why Choose Go Stark Me?

- **Secure Fundraising**: Built on Starknet's L2, our platform ensures that all transactions and data are secure and transparent.
- **Easy to Use**: Intuitive design and straightforward processes make it simple for projects to set up and manage their fundraising campaigns.
- **Efficient and Scalable**: Utilizing Cairo and Starknet's L2 technology, Go Stark Me offers a fast and scalable solution for fundraising needs.

Join us on Go Stark Me and make a difference by supporting meaningful projects in a secure and efficient manner.

## UML Diagram

![UML Class Diagram](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/479c9296-e3ac-4ad3-bf79-5f458c456a45)

## Our Vision for UI

You can check the prototype we have in mind and suggest any improvement, if you feel capable of reproducing some of the pages please contact one of the product owners.

- [Figma prototype](https://www.figma.com/design/SCiGViaoPT9UTrT7CsLbAt/Go-Stark-Me?node-id=0-1&t=FUhnIhNcXRIGkQ16-1)

## Want to Contribute?

If you are interested in contributing to Go Stark Me, please follow these steps:

1. Go to the [issues section](https://github.com/web3wagers/gostarkme/issues) of our GitHub repository.
2. Comment on the issue you want to participate in, detailing how you plan to address it and how long you expect it to take.
3. Wait to be assigned to the issue.

Official Discord Channel:

- [Web3Wagers](https://discord.gg/sEpnC6JB2U)

You can also contact us on Telegram:

- [@adrian_vrj](https://t.me/adrian_vrj)
- [@EmmanuelDevCr](https://t.me/EmmanuelDevCr)

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification.
Contributions of any kind welcome!
